Hello, and welcome to our video.
In this video, we'll show you how to create a WebVTT file.
WebVTT is a format used for displaying timed text tracks.
It is commonly used for subtitles and captions on the web.
First, you need to understand the basic structure of a VTT file.
Each caption cue starts with a time range.
The time range specifies when the text should appear and disappear.
After the time range, you write the text that you want to display.
Let's add a few more captions to see how it works.
This is another example of a caption cue.
You can also style your captions using HTML tags.
For example, you can make text bold or italic.
That’s all for this tutorial on WebVTT files.
Thank you for watching, and happy captioning!